beautiful girl where remote control
venezian boys the return of europa
international league volksburg 3 to 1
for the force blue car gone we see
in the forecasts I made of the tender
outward journey have been confirmed in
result that is in the victory of the
volksburg however not in the result because
we had predicted one to zero instead
even 3 to 1 we see there is the inter
san siro manages to overturn the
situation must win at least 2 to 0 pa
and medel yesterday the little gary boys the
small clear promised 10 goals like
marine that will not play Neapolitan of
harry gary medel however carrillo has
made unacceptable errors
truly a cardito shameful carizzo
mocking about the journal of drinkers yet
drains the formulas team report
with the cons is the forum is really one
good team of blues and in the bruni who
made the Milanese defense mad
mian's defense for inter now
this is the last goal left
why honestly think of that just
i can get in champions it was taken a
desperate in the europe league
theoretically perhaps still a minimum
chance
but surely in champions it will be
it really lasts some changes for i
Inter Inter players while
puskas and the young man now not only tries
a miracle and yet there is a miracle
sportsman honestly but we see it
quite hard
boys we are sixtieth still 0 to 0
a really bad match prediction a
bit like that
santon very few actions almost nothing
hardly anyone really asks
worthy of being called such
behold, he is not wrong offensive
kovacic but but misses some changes for
the treviso that young puskas left-handed but
the possibilities of passing are now
really reduced de bruyne de bruyne
nagatomo
oscar
shaqiri look for this good deed a
regard and look at the cougar the cougar
jaguar call him what the fuck you want
Riccardi said someone I believe do not
paron do not found kovacic kovacic bel
the hatching number Icardi Icardi some
tired civil mom
nothing to do 76th two goals must do
the inter must make two international goals
of milano mini assets in via linea linea
but my handanovic saves everything first
really heavy puskas check action
to check by shaqiri
nothing to do just the inter is never
went into the field after the draw that with
the crisis really continues for Cesena
roberto mancini's name the faust's goal
burg even to the Milanese are
ended the Milanese boys are finished
you could take stock of the
forecast sailing I think that actually
the inter can also do it though
I foresee a 2 to 1 for the inter-high then
however elimination
we will see you there because we were in one
great defense before even the inter
puskas puskas goalkeeper parade yes
alarm in the end to the normal
too much so more must make three goals per
go to extra time and jacques
there are those who really are in the midst of nothingness
mum mum the nerazzurri poor
we'll see in the real game e
we always hope the passage of the shift
of Italian teams
we hope this is not the game
inter why really the view a
struggling little is the first of the withdrawal of
force blue who also scored
here ends 1 to 0 guys for the force
blue
mammamia hopefully good for equality
the day after tomorrow bye